c:\users\labin\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Game1.exe
c:\users\labin\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Game1.pdb
c:\users\labin\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\labin\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\labin\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\labin\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\labin\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\labin\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\labin\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\labin\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\labin\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\labin\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\labin\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\labin\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\labin\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\labin\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\labin\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\labin\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\labin\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\labin\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\labin\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\Game1\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Game1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\labin\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\Game1\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Game1.exe
c:\users\labin\onedrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\Game1\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Game1.pdb
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\bombblock.xnb
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\pointblock.xnb
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\documenten\visual studio 2017\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\player.xnb
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\Documenten\GitHub\ProjectOP4\Windows Monogame - Binh\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\bombblock.xnb
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\Documenten\GitHub\ProjectOP4\Windows Monogame - Binh\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\player.xnb
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\Documenten\GitHub\ProjectOP4\Windows Monogame - Binh\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\pointblock.xnb
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\Documenten\GitHub\ProjectOP4\Windows Monogame - Binh\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Game1.exe
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\Documenten\GitHub\ProjectOP4\Windows Monogame - Binh\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Game1.pdb
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\Documenten\GitHub\ProjectOP4\Windows Monogame - Binh\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\Documenten\GitHub\ProjectOP4\Windows Monogame - Binh\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\Documenten\GitHub\ProjectOP4\Windows Monogame - Binh\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\Documenten\GitHub\ProjectOP4\Windows Monogame - Binh\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\Documenten\GitHub\ProjectOP4\Windows Monogame - Binh\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\Documenten\GitHub\ProjectOP4\Windows Monogame - Binh\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\Documenten\GitHub\ProjectOP4\Windows Monogame - Binh\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\Documenten\GitHub\ProjectOP4\Windows Monogame - Binh\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\Documenten\GitHub\ProjectOP4\Windows Monogame - Binh\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\Documenten\GitHub\ProjectOP4\Windows Monogame - Binh\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\Documenten\GitHub\ProjectOP4\Windows Monogame - Binh\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\Documenten\GitHub\ProjectOP4\Windows Monogame - Binh\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\Documenten\GitHub\ProjectOP4\Windows Monogame - Binh\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\Documenten\GitHub\ProjectOP4\Windows Monogame - Binh\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\Documenten\GitHub\ProjectOP4\Windows Monogame - Binh\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\Documenten\GitHub\ProjectOP4\Windows Monogame - Binh\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\Documenten\GitHub\ProjectOP4\Windows Monogame - Binh\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\Documenten\GitHub\ProjectOP4\Windows Monogame - Binh\Game1\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\Documenten\GitHub\ProjectOP4\Windows Monogame - Binh\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Game1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\Documenten\GitHub\ProjectOP4\Windows Monogame - Binh\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Game1.exe
C:\Users\labin\OneDrive\Documenten\GitHub\ProjectOP4\Windows Monogame - Binh\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Game1.pdb
